cli, documentation: improve quick start (bug 1802211) (#50)
mozilla-conduit/mots: documentation/index.rst

Adding a New Module Owner or Peer
*********************************

- Open **mots.yaml** in your favourite text editor
- Look for the user in the list of people under "people"

If the user is already in the list of people
--------------------------------------------

#. Make note of their nickname (which will be an anchor in the form of **&nickname**)
#. Find the module or submodule in the list of modules
#. Add a reference to the anchor under the correct field*
#. Save and exit
#. Run **mots export-and-clean** to process the new changes
#. Commit your changes and submit your revision for review

.. note::
    References to anchors can be used in the following fields: **peers**, **owners**
    **peers_emeritus**, **owners_emeritus**

If the user is not in the list of people
----------------------------------------

#. Find the user's Bugzilla ID on bugzilla.mozilla.com
#. Add a new entry with ``bmo_id`` as the key, and the ID as the value
#. Save and exit
#. Run ``mots export-and-clean`` to process the new changes
#. Commit your changes and submit your revision for review

.. tip::
   You can find the Bugzilla ID of a user by running ``mots user search <email>``.

.. note::

>    Step 4 will fetch additional user information from the Bugzilla API and update the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Running ``mots export-and-clean`` will fetch additional user information from the Bugzilla API and update the
```
